pos_margin/README.rst, before:

=============================================
This module adds the 'Margin' on sales order.
=============================================


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3


Margin on PoS order
===================

This module extends the functionality of point of sale to support margin on
pos orders.

This gives the profitability by calculating the difference between the Unit
Price and Cost Price.


Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to 'Point Of Sale' / 'Daily Operations' / 'Orders'
#. Open an order

.. figure:: ./pos_margin/static/description/pos_order_form.png
   :width: 800px

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/184/8.0


Technical information
=====================

This module is highly inspired from the module 'Sale Order Margin', by Odoo SA.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* include extra reporting, using the new margin field.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* GRAP, Groupement Régional Alimentaire de Proximité (www.grap.coop)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[ADD] margin_percent field on pos_order ; [ADD] margin and margin_percent on pos_order tree view ; [IMP] make faster installation on database with many pos_orders, using pre_init_hook [FIX] remove compute method for pos_order_line.purchase_price, cortesy @sebastienbeau

pos_margin/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================
Margin on PoS Orders
====================

This module extends the functionality of point of sale to support margin on
pos orders.

This gives the profitability by calculating the difference between the Unit
Price and Cost Price.

Configuration
=============

this module create a new Decimal precision for the field 'Margin (%)' of the
pos.order model, with two digits, by default. you can change the precision,
going to 'Settings' / 'Technical' / 'Database Structure' / 'Decimal Accuracy'


Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Go to 'Point Of Sale' / 'Daily Operations' / 'Orders'

* View Orders

.. figure:: ./pos_margin/static/description/pos_order_tree_view.png
   :width: 800px

* Open an Order

.. figure:: ./pos_margin/static/description/pos_order_form_view.png
   :width: 800px

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/184/8.0


Technical information
=====================

This module is highly inspired from the module 'Sale Order Margin', by Odoo SA.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* include extra reporting, using the new margin field.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/pos/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* GRAP, Groupement Régional Alimentaire de Proximité (www.grap.coop)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
